#summary Download Myanmar Unicode fonts


|| Font || Unicode 5.1 || File || License || 
|| Parabaik || Complient || [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/Parabaik20080421.ttf Parabaik20080421.ttf] || [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/OFL.txt OFL], [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/gpl.txt GPL] || 
|| Parabaik Sans || Complient || ParabaikSans.ttf || [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/OFL.txt OFL], [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/gpl.txt GPL]||
|| Myanmar3 ||Complient || Myanmar3.ttf || [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html LGPL] || 
|| ZawGyi-One || No || [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/ZawgyiOne20071230.ttf ZawgyiOne20071230.ttf] || Copy Left || 
|| Padauk || Complient || [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/Padauk.ttf Padauk.ttf], [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/Padauk-Bold.ttf Padauk-Bold.ttf] || [http://mynsoft.co.cc/zawgyi/cmt/misc/OFL.txt OFL] ||

Parabaik font is provided by Solveware Solution. Myanmar3 font is yet to be released by Myanmar Unicode and NLP Research Center, a non-profit organization by Myanmar Computer Federation. Zawgyi is mainly created by Alpha Computer. Padauk is properties of SIL. 
Keyboard Layout Map Download
Description FileLicenseKeyboard Layout For Parabaik FontNormal Alt Shift Alt+Shift  Keyboard Layout For ZawGyi Fontlayout MS Keyboard Layout Mapper For ZawGyi FontZawgyiKLC.zip 
Myanmar Input/Typing Tools Download
Description FileLicenseMyanmar OpenOfficeOOo_2.4_Win32Intel_install.exe (79.7 MB)LGPL v.2.1OpenOffice Myanmar language packOOo_2.4_Win32Intel_langpack_my-MM.exe (28.5 MB)LGPL v.2.1Myanmar Package from Burglish (recommanded download)Myanmar Package 1.3.exeGPL v2Waitzar - Romaized Myanmar Input Systemwaitzar_release_1.5.zipApache License 2.0Prince Ka Naung - Unify Converter EngineKaNaungConverter_Window_Build200508.zipLGPL v.2.1
Note: Myanmar Package from Burglish contains all you need to work with Myanmar language input including fonts. 
Before using the materials, please read their licenses. After clicking the above download you agree our Terms of Use. 
All legally free downloads related to Myanmar language input systems should be able to find here. If you think something is mission, please Contact Us.
For publisher, if you want to appear your font here, please contact to info@zawgyi.org. We are open source software developers and maintain neutral view on adoption of Myanmar fonts.